So if you're not an English speaker,
one thing you can do is actually request for more time
and request accommodation.
So on the left hand side, under exam registration,
click on exam accommodation
and you can request an extra 30 minutes
for non-native English speaker.
So click on this and then select the ESL +30 minutes
and then you could add documentation if you needed to,
and then request the accommodation.
Once it's done, it's approved and it doesn't expire.
And now you can go ahead and schedule your exam
so if you had exam schedule before, you need to cancel them.
And now select schedule exam again.
And this time the 30 minutes accommodation will be taken
into account and you will have more time for your exam.
If you need any other accommodation,
then you can directly request it from Pearson View exam on
their websites, but that's the one
that people use the most usually as
a non-native English speaker like me because I'm French.
Okay, so that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it.
I wish you the best of luck for your exam
and I will see you in the next lecture.